## Creative Coding 2: Custom Pixel
My theme is saving bees. My images are of blooming flowers because bees are important for pollinating these flowers. I made a tiny bee which is randomly placed in the images (putting it in the same place for all images wouldn't look as good and would make it too easy to find). This hidden bee represents how bees are always there, pollenating flowers even if we don't see them.

I used overlapping hexagons (which are the shape of honeycomb) to draw the flowers. The overlap creates an interesting pattern and I didn't want the connection to bees to be too obvious, since bees aren't always noticed. There is a second mask creating an outline around the first mask which is made of non-overlapping, slightly smaller hexagons. This was added as a mix between the background circles and the big hexagons because the big hexagons and the background circles didn't blend together.

I'm not using the smartmask because it didn't create a perfect shape around the flowers like I wanted. It thought the last image (a rose) was a cake and for the second image it couldn't find anything to mask. It also couldn't make that outline for the smaller hexagons.

I added white inside the circles and the hexagons so they matched the white background. I did try different colours for the background but I didn't think they looked as nice because they were too dark (black) or didn't match the colours in the image (pink).

The background in the first and second images are a solid colour or close to a solid colour. This made the backgrounds look very plain so to make them more interesting, I slightly moved the circles in the background up and create a 'shadow' of the original image. This was a challenge because it meant that the background drew after and covered the foreground. I had to create a delay for when the foreground starts to draw, by counting how many loops had passed for the background drawing. I could get the foreground to draw when I wanted it to but it would start partway down the page because of the render counter. I had to create a new render counter which also only started after a certain number of loops had passed for the background drawing. I spaced the circles apart to create a strong hierarchy and contrast between the different masks and to make the 'shadow' less clear so not to take away from the actual flowers.
I still think there could be improvements made to my design. If I had more time I would like to do more experiments, such as changing colours, different spacing of elements or different images. I think adding something more to the background/in between the circles would improve the design by removing some of the white. Overall, I'm quite happy with this projects outcome.
