## MDDN 242 2020 Assignment 2 - TWITCHTV

Opening github desktop for the first time. Sketching some ideas on how I want to approach this problem set. Changing colours to make sure that commits are working fine.

Sketch a concept idea which uses arcs, triangles, rectangles, ellipses, and lines to re create the alphabet in an abstract way. Planning on using transparency on the fill parts to make the actual letter stand out more for the user. Still thinking on if I want to use a question mark or a exclamation mark for my final character. Imgur link shows my sketch idea - https://imgur.com/a/lC8vumq

After thinking about my idea and the brief requirements for this problem set, I felt like it wasn't going to work as I was going to be using multiple shapes, and would need a lot more than 20 parameters. Potentially once I get the basic alphabet running, I will experiment will multiple shapes but for now, I'm going to be using rectangles to recreate the alphabet. After not figuring out how to actually get the code working, I finally got the hang of it and now am ready to continue the alphabet after A, B, and C. My next task is to figure out a way to make the rectangles rotate in a way which would use less parameters. I will also be playing with the colours in the future. 

I've now started to work on the letter.js file and have created D,E and F. This has been relatively similar to the first three letters except I needed to create a few more variables which half the size of the rectangle. It is still relatively simple, but I'm going to add more fundamentals in the future. 

After thinking about my original design, I thought it was quite plain and simple as it didn't have any abstrat features, and only consisted on rectangles which I thought was dull. I've decided to concept some new ideas onto paper which focuses on two main triangles and a rectangle if required. This uses a total number of 16 parameters. This concept makes my design a bit more interesting to look at compared to only having rectangles (this being a design choice). What I'm planning to do is to make one of the triangles slightly transparent as they overlap with each other, which creates a third triangle that you can see in between. I'm also still playing around the colours to see which suits well with each other. My next steps are to finish the alphabet, and add numbers and potentially a #. I'm definetly happy on where I'm at right now compared to where I was in the weekend in terms of workload and overall design.

I've finished creating the alphabet and two of the numbers, my next steps are to finish the numbers and work on the interaction and interpolation code. I definetly struggled with creating the U as I couldn't really think of any creative design for it. The 0 also could use some thought as it looks like quite similar with the o. Other than this, I'm quite happy with my work. My next steps are to finish the numbers and start on the interaction aspect of this problem set. 

Finished making basic alphabet. Next steps are to modify the letters which look a bit odd (G,N,Z,3,9). Quite happy with where I'm at right now. Once i've adjusted the alphabet, my next steps is to create the interlopation function with my paramaters. 

After my previous update, I wanted to complete the interlopation section and come up with some words that I wanted to display for my exhibition. Currently, I'm thinking of having a twitch.tv themed alphaebet with colours purple and white in the future which has twitch emotes used for the exhibition such as PogChamp which is a common emote used for when something is hype. I'm very happy with where I am at right now as i've pretty much finished the main things, and now onto the adjust stage. My final design incoporates two trianges and a rectangle to compose a slightly abstract but readable alphabet, which has been my goal since the beginning of this problem set.   

There were some letters in my problem set which originally didn't look quite right such as the L,N,S,3,9. These definetly needed changes and have been fixed to make it look a bit nicer for the user. Because my concept is focused more around twitch.tv emotes, I've decided to update the colour from red to purple as twitch is focused more on the purple user experience (especially in their logo). My final steps on this project is getting the editor working as I have not touched that aspect of the code yet. I've definetly made reasonable progress in this session.

Decided to play with my colour schemes to best meet the twitch.tv theme which is purple, white, and black. Because of this, I've made the two triangles purple and white to express its logo, and made the background a solid black. The black background is represent dark mode as most users tend to use twitch.tv in dark mode as its easier on the eyes. I'm really happy on how this design turned out.  

After receiving feedback on my Grit check, I've ensured that the vertical rectangles have the same width as each other. This is to ensure that my design is more consistent throughout. I also received feedback that some of my letters weren't straight such as the S, R, and Z. By using the editor, it made editing these letters a lot easier compared to trial and error code which was efficient. 

FINAL README: At the start of this project, I wasn't quite sure what type of design I wanted to do, which led to a nice design with rectangles, triangles, arcs, and ellipses. This design would've had transparency on the fill parts which made the letter stand out more for the user. I sketched this design on paper and was quite happy with it until I re-read the brief and realised that we could only use 20 parameters or less. This was a challenge because a triangle uses 6 parameters, rect uses 4, arcs use 6, and ellipses use 4. This would've hit the 20 mark, and I would've needed to duplicate the triangle on some letters which go past the parameter count. At this point, I was somewhat behind in work as I had to restart my thinking process, which lead me to making a very simple alphabet with only rectangles until I could think of another reasonable design. At this point, I wasn't happy at all with my design as it only used rectangles to create a very mediocre alphabet. The colour choice at that time was orange, which wasn't considered at all and had no links to design inspiration which also was a negative towards that concept. After finishing the first 6 letters of that concept, I decided to scratch the code and start fresh. After drawing some concept sketches, I realised that triangles would be the best approach to this problem set as most letters have a overlap features which could look really nice with transparency (letters B and H for example). After thinking about this design, I decided to incorporate my original ideas of having a rectangle if needed in the letter. At this point, I had a relatively strong design idea on paper and was then able to start coding. For this brief, I wanted to create an alphabet which was somewhat abstract, but still more on the readable side so that the user was able to identify what letter is what, which is something I kept in mind from day 1. After creating a basic alphabet using two triangles and a rectangle, I now needed to refine these characters to make it more interesting for the user. The L, N, Y, Z were the letters which needed to be improved. If there was one thing that I struggled on during this assignment, it was the numbers, especially the number 3 which was giving me the most pain as I couldn't think of any ideas at the time. I then decided to reverse the E as I was completely blank on ideas this point. At this point, I was at the colour stages and wasn't quite sure where to go with this. At the time, I was watching a twitch.tv stream while coding and got inspiration to design an alphabet which revolves around this streaming platform. Twitch uses two main colours which are purple and white, which gave me inspiration to use these colours in my design. Because I was going for a twitch.tv theme, It wouldn't be a twitch alphabet if it didn't incorporate twitch emotes which are used in the chat section where users can interact with each other and the streamer. The only way I could add emotes was through the interpolate section, which is what I did. I added the more common emotes which are used by majority of people who watch twitch streams such as PogChamp and BlessRNG. After what happened at the start of this project, I don't regret my decision on designing an alphabet using triangles and rectangles, however, thinking about it now, I think I could've used my original idea If I had multiple if statements which said if type of letter is true, draw this type of shape instead of the original shape, but didn't think about that at the time. Overall, I'm very happy on how this design turned out. Because of this design, the name of this alphabet will be TwitchTV                       

Currently using 16 parameters:
  * `triangleX1` : first x point of 1st triangle
  * `triangleY1` : first y point of 1st triangle
  * `triangleX2` : second x point of 1st triangle
  * `triangleY2` : second y point of 1st triangle
  * `triangleX3` : third x point of 1st triangle
  * `triangleY3` : third y point of 1st triangle
  * `triangleX4` : first x point of 2nd triangle
  * `triangleY4` : first y point of 2nd triangle
  * `triangleX5` : second x point of 2nd triangle
  * `triangleY5` : second y point of 2nd triangle
  * `triangleX6` : third x point of 2nd triangle
  * `triangleY6` : third y point of 2nd triangle
  * `rectX` : x point for rect
  * `rectY` : y point for rect
  * `rectW` : width dimension for rect
  * `rectH` : height dimension for rect




