## Creative Coding 2: Custom Pixel

To showcase my custom image distortion code I have chosen three photos from around wellington that show great places to visit. The first photo is of a seagull taken at Frank Kitts Park on the waterfront, the second image is from Oriental Bay and the third photo was taken from the Botanical Gardens overlooking Wellington. I really enjoy visiting these areas and they are great places to visit and hang out to relax, especially on a nice day. I wanted to get this feeling across so I kept the images full of colour and life.

My image processing algorithm first draws shapes over the image. It picks random points and depending on the lightness value will draw either a square, triangle or circle, it only draws the stroke and not the fill, this makes an interesting pattern of colour and white space behind. The shapes also start big and decrease in size over time, so more details are added and it creates a nice layered effect. After the shapes are drawn then a grid of squares is drawn over top in the masked areas of the photo (if rendering out and image you have to wait a couple minutes after the 'stroke shapes' are drawn for the grid to appear, if the console is open it will count up to '1080' then the grid will draw). I like the contrast and difference between the random scribble-like shapes in the background and the uniform solid grid areas. I initially played around with de and over-saturating different parts of the image but decided that just normal colour for both parts worked the best.

I tried out the smartmask for all my images but wasn't overly happy with the results so I used my own hand made ones. The first image masks the bird and wall it is standing on. The second image I just used a circle in the middle of the image, the mask is a little more abstract as it isn't focused on any certain aspect of the image but I think it works well. In the third image the trees at the top and bottom are masked to show extra detail in the flora.

Overall I am happy with how my final images turned out. If I were to redo this assignment I would try to find/take better images with a more solid theme behimnd them. But I think that my development over the project with my code was good and the final product turned out well.