## Creative Coding 2: Custom Pixel
FINAL README

My theme Raising Awareness of the Kaka Bird species in New Zealand. This decision was based on my experience in visiting Zealandia in the last couple of weeks, and being intrigued by them during my time there. My close interactions with them sparked my curiosity about them, as I had never had such close encounters with them, as I only ever saw them behind glass or within enclosures at public aviaries and zoos. Their freedom to roam in a large sanctuary versus closed off spaces to public viewers was peculiar to me, and it was not until I had done further research that I understood why the Kaka could afford to live so freely, compared to other areas of New Zealand. According to an article written in 2016, Zealandia underwent a project to monitor Kaka that were being released into the sanctuary, to boost population numbers in a controlled environment, where they could still roam free. This project lasted fifteen years, and in 2016, the population of Kaka had increased and had maintained its numbers so that constant monitoring was no longer required. This article also explains how the population in the North island is recovering, compared to the South Island. According to the Department of Conservation's official website, the Kaka populations can be maintained so long as they are safe from predation. Predation come in forms or predatory beasts, other creatures who consume similar diets, loss of forest homes, as well as other forms of food that attract the predators.

Originally, I came into this project with the intention of pixelating water landscape photos. However, I discovered that the places that I had intended to shoot had alot of detail, which could have been difficult to capture and pixelate in a way, so that all elements could be seen by the viewer. I realized that I needed to change my theme, and instead think of having a main subject in my photos that the viewer can focus on. With this decision in mind, I wanted to keep my theme related to nature and wildlife, and it was not until I visited Zealandia, that I found my photo subject.

Initially, I was very interested in using variations of the grid, as the grid was able to capture some of the beautiful details of the Kaka. Seeing the potential of the grid lead me to do alot of experimenting, to see how I could create a contrast between the main photo subject and the background. My goal for my background was for it to be exact opposite of the Kaka, and be completely blurred out/abstracted. I also experimented alot with this, and I did not settle upon any results until I started looking at the cross-hatching effect. I edited the original code, demonstrated to us by Phoebe, to change the spacing between the two intersecting lines, so that I could create a more interesting shape, that was simple, abstract, but still provide enough detail for the background to be an interesting element. The animation of the cross-hatch effect was something that I came across by chance, and I originally was planning to change the code so that the whole photo remained as one stationery image. However, I really enjoyed the effect, as it really added to building the contrast between photo subjects, and it was also a nod to the theme of trying to protect the Kaka population, and encourage their growth. Just as the number of cross-hatch shapes increase, it also references that through protective efforts, the Kaka numbers can continue to increase and be maintained, which is the ultimate goal. Keeping in mind the billboard display (just in case my photo(s) are chosen), I coded the animation of the cross-hatch effect to fill the background considerably fast, just in case the images were only displayed for a very short period of time.

Finally the addition of the text, was to add to the impact of the photo set's message. I knew that due to the nature of my second and third photos, that I needed to add something so that they looked more complete, and that they were also able to have a cohesive narrative. Focusing on contrast between all my elements, the text was drawn with ellipses. I am very happy that I kept my first photo text free, as I feel that the full presence of the Kaka, and the composition of the photo, brings awareness to the viewer on its own.  

My goal for my series, was for the photos to have a cohesive narrative and be pleasing to look at for the viewer. I achieved this by focusing alot of my attention on contrast between elements, so that all elements could be discernible to the viewer, and their eye could travel along the image with ease. If I had more time to improve this series, I would have focused on shooting some of the other beautiful, native birds in Zealandia, that way each photo could have its own character and personality, and further my problem set narrative.

[Stuff Article] (https://www.stuff.co.nz/environment/78914083/zealandia-ends-its-monitoring-of-kaka-numbers-as-population-thrives)
[Department of Conservation] (https://www.doc.govt.nz/kaka)
