## PS4 MDDN 342 2018

My final code uses four seperate grids to display different levels of detail and to help show depth. Going into this project I knew I wanted to continue with my parachute theme and try to transfer it over to the new format but with some slight changes. I started by including one parachuter and then multiple arranged in an irregular grid to make it look the most natural and random. I wanted to make clouds and smaller parachuters in the background all in different random pattern from each other to add some perspective plus an opportunity for revealing detail. 

Due to my sky theme, I thought that using the zoom to move forwards through the clouds and discover things on the other side would work well. I added another grid on top of larger clouds that somewhat fill the screen when you zoom up to and then through them. 

When the parachuters are revealed (along with a new set of clouds), they are swaying a bobbing as the clouds move up the screen to give the illusion of falling. They can be zoomed in on to show a face, hands and feet, backpack and parachute harness. At the same time, another set of smaller parachuters in the distance are revealed. Once you are close you can also see that their arms and legs are swaying back and forth slightly in time with the movement of the parachuter. I made all the animation slow and subtle so it easy to zoom in on and doesn't slow down the code.

I am mostly consistent with my original sketch. I wanted to make patterns within each fabric colour of the parachute and clothes but after seeing how easily the code can get lagged, I decided to focus on using multiple grids and showing other details instead. 