## PS1 MDDN 242 2017

### Clock 

FINAL :  for my final I have changed different aspects of my original clock design, I have moved quite far away from my initial ideas and started working in 3D shapes. I have designed my clock so it moves (ticks) for each hour, minute, and second. I have removed the millisecond cube from my design because I have found it looks more visually appealing and structured with just 3 cubes. This also means when the alarm goes off and all the boxes start spinning fast its a visible change. when my alarm does go off I have made it so the cubes spin crazily and the background changes to black. I have mapped my colours so as the hours tick the colour slowly changes this is the same with the minutes and seconds. I have tried to use the lerpColor function to create a more graceful transition in the colours however I havent been able to get the my code right and my clock has just seemed to crash each time. 

Overall, 
I think this project has gone well, although, frustrating at time, I have learnt the boundaries of working in 3D. Even though this is a simple design I quite like how basic it is and not overwhelming with different aspects going on everywhere. if I had more time I would probably change a few things like add numbers or more colours to make it more readable. I think this is a cool idea however it is more aesthetically pleasing compared to being readable and useable. if I were to do this project again I would spend more time trying to make it more functional for everyday life so it is useable and people can read it. I think the design is cool and interesting but there could be a lot more work done to it so it is readable to the common eye. 