## Creative Coding 2: Custom Pixel


#### The Loneliest Generation
My project is about loneliness. My aim is to provoke people into thinking more deeply about how technology is shifting our social lives fundamentally. It has created a tenancy for our social interactions to more closely resemble the parasocial, where we interact socially by *looking at* each others lives instead of engaging in others or our own. I've heard it described as us currently being in the gap between and the invention of a technology and it's full fulfillment as the greatest force for good it can be. I believe this to be true about out current connective technology.

In the past four weeks, 650,000 New Zealanders have felt lonely. Of those people, the largest group were aged between aged 15-24. That number has risen 70% in just two years (https://www.loneliness.org.nz/nz/facts/). And this is just New Zealand. In America, the average number of self reported close friends has fallen from 3 in 1985 to 1. Around 47% of all meals in America are eaten alone. Very, *very* few problems solve themselves, and you can't solve a problem until you acknowledge and understand it.

The pictures I've taken are meant to show how technology is contributing to us being in our own personal sea of isolation. The effect on top of them composes the image out of a sea of polygons. The reason for this is two-fold: first, to represent the network-like connections in our digital world. And second, to represent how our lives have become more and more digital. The background is designed to enhance both reasons, with a bigger spacing between points to enhance the feeling of isolation, and a light cyberpunkish colour palette to give it a bit of colour.
 
#### Technical
How it works, is it generates two perfect grids of points on the screen, one for the background with a large spacing between them and one for the foreground with a short spacing. It then offsets each point in a random direction by a random amount. For both sets of points, it goes through each point and draws two triangles, filling out a square between itself, the point next to it, the point below it, and the point next to the point below it. For the foreground, it only draws the triangles if the mask there is white, and the colour used for each triangle is sampled from the source image from the average position of its three points. For the background points, it draws the grid using a random colour from a list, giving each colour a random brightness, and a slightly brighter stroke. The random value ranges have been carefully tweaked so that their brightness doesnt distract from the foreground.