## PS1 MDDN 242 2018

### The interactive clock
This is my final clock. Looking at my outcome of my clock I am pleased with the way it has come together. I have developed a quite interesting theory behind my concept that when you need to read the time then you will interact with something e.g. your phone. This interaction will then display the time when you wanted it. I have taken inspiration from one of Maeda clocks as well as this modern-day action and put a fun spin on it. So, my clock is very difficult to read when the mouse is not being moved as the time is stacked, however when you move the mouse then the time becomes slightly more visible. This following of the time is very entertaining and quite satisfying, I found that after playing around with this movement, it started to create its own fun/playful personality to the clock itself. I would happy with this satisfaction of this movement as it took a very blunt and plane object – time. Then made it much more interesting for the user.

By already creating this personality with the clock, I wanted to create the alarm function to both link to the playful energy of the clock as well as help support the idea of modern-day checking the time. So, I thought practically the alarm is supposed to alert the person of the time. Often alarms go off when the user is not interacting with the clock/device. I applied this new movement so that the time bounces up and down – slowly making the time visible. So that when the user is not using the clock and the alarm goes off. It goes from an unreadable state to a visible state. I liked having a very subtle change with the alarm as I did not want to introduce a high intensity change to the clock – as I felt this would take away from the playfulness of the clock. 

If I had more time I would like to make the time rotate on the spot as well as following the mouse. I did attempt to get this to work during the end of the project however was not successful and ran out of time. Looking at things that went well in this project I would say is the movements of the clock worked nicely. Things that I found difficult was the terminal, trying to make sense of this at the start was very difficult, and cause of this my blog is very unorganised and not fully detailed as id like. However, much more confident now with the terminal and github updates.

