## PS1 MDDN 242 2017

### Butterfly Clock Final Design

The minutes, seconds and hours are represented as butterflies for my clock. The number of seconds can be read by seeing where the red butterfly is in relation to a normal analogue clock i.e if the butterfly is at the bottom of the circle then the number of seconds is 30. The number of minutes can be read by counting the number of pink butterflies. The number of hours (where midnight is 24 instead of 0) can be read by counting the number of purple butterflies. They fly in groups of 5 to make it easier to count them quickly while they are moving around the screen. I kept finding it hard to remember which was the minutes and which was the hours without checking the actual time so I decided to scale the butterflies so that the second is the smallest and the hour is the biggest. I wanted my butterflies moving at different speeds and although intuitively you would expect the seconds to move the fastest, I found that the butterflies were too slow so I swapped it around so the seconds moved the slowest and the hours the fastest. When assigning the 3 colours, I also tried to make it so that the colours roughly blended between seconds-minutes-hours.

When an alarm is set the centre circle of the screen turns black. 10 seconds prior to the alarm going off the circle begins to grow smaller and fade into nothing. At that point the alarm is due to go off and the clock flashes in inverse colours ever second. I deliberately left the background out of the inverse colour change because I don't want the background to be a part of my design.

