## MDDN 242 2021 Assignment 2

Design Statement: 
  I really enjoyed making this project, it felt like we had a lot of freedom! I immediately started working with squares as my main shape, I liked the idea of making shapes that were slightly similiar to our alphabet. When I started creating my alphabet I kept thinking of space, I think it was because of my original background colour being a dull dark blue. This led to thoughts of my alphabet being from somewhere in space, somewhere similar to our planet. I eventually changed the square shape colours from a dark pink and a dull light blue to two different bright purples, I believe these colour choices further push my space idea. I only worked with squares because I really liked the minimalistic look, in the alphabet section where you see each letter I believe my letters work well together and look cohesive. This took a lot of trial and error to get each letter to fit together yet not look the exact same, towards the end of my project I edited a bunch of letters so they would fit better together, I had to edit the S, P, H and I mainly because they either didnt represent their letter enough or they completely stood out from the rest of my alphabet. With my letter animation I decided to keep the original smooth movements, I decided this because I believe it showed my space idea the best, it makes the letters look like theyre smoothly floating in space.
  Overall I am very pleased with how my project turned out and I believe I have learnt so much from the last project, I have a much better understanding of GitHub and using Sublime.  

  
