## Creative Coding 2: Custom Pixel

This project allowed me to showcase the amazing talent that is my friend Cathal Dickson, aka Gajuar. I am so proud of this guy, he is extremely talented and deserves to be on a billboard.  I used photos that I have taken of him during some of our photoshoots. I had originally planned on showcasing 3 separate local artists, but it was too hard to visually link them all together and my closeness with Cathal allowed for a lot more of a creative partnership between us.
I also was a bit confused at the start of the project - I thought that we could use an individual bit of code for each image. Once I figured out that that wasn't right, I implemented the horizontal lines of image 1 into the other 2 images. The masks are of areas of focus (face, hand, and body), and in the masks is drawn shorter lines- this shows more detail in those areas.  I had gotten a lot of positive feedback from people about the blended/hidden effect that the first images code created, and it created a similar effect with image 3. Image 2 has elements of the blending, but the main effect is the juxtaposition of the shirts vertical stripes and horizontal lines. From there, I played around with the source images (specifically; experimenting with b&w vs colour, inverted vs regular). The large amount of quick iteration that I was doing was incredibly useful to figure out what I wanted to use.
To emphasize my theme of showcasing my friends music, I included a text element of Gajuars name and ep title (using his handwriting to form the text). However, I spent way too much time trying to draw the text as small rectangles using a mask and if statement. Because I didn't have it in a separate for loop, the black lines of the source image were being drawn over top of it. By the time I'd figured this out
(well, Michael figured it out), I had decided to instead just use a png- first experimenting with the wind filter in photoshop to create similar horizontal lines (unfortunately, the filtered bits would dominate the image and make the text hard to read). It was disappointing to not be able to draw the text in code, but as the main focus of this project should be the output, that is what I wanted to prioritize.
I have an incredibly high rendercount, but this was necessary due to the small size of the lines I am drawing. Sorry if this kills your computer. I did try some options to get it down but all my attempts just left gaps in the image.
I'm pretty happy with the final images. Throughout the process of this project, I created a really good attitude towards taking feedback on board, I learnt about pointillism (which is so cool), and I created 3 billboard ready images that I am proud of, that feature my close friend who I am proud of.
