PS3 - Final

The theme chose for my images is graffiti in the Wellington region. These specific images were taken in the abandoned military bunkers surrounding the city (specifically the Brooklyn windmill bunkers and Fort Ballance on Scorching Bay), where every surface is covered in colourful tags. The council doesn't bother to remove these works so they layer up on top of each other to create a chaotic yet beautiful pattern and texture. To me, this represents freedom of expression and art. This graffiti is not on any privately owned property, nor is it in the way of the general public. This is a form of art which is generally not acceptable to the civil eye, as it is disruptive and chaotic.

It took me awhile to come up with visual inspiration for these pieces, but I ended up deciding to be inspired by glitch art. My first thoughts were to go for something more classical like cubism or de stijl, but these didn't harmonise with my theme of celebrating the hidden art in Wellington very well. Glitch art represents beauty in mistakes and unwanted things. Glitches are generally frowned upon and need to be fixed, similar to the way society views graffiti in public spaces. Glitch art also shows a lot of texture in a 2d way, which complimented the layered up graffiti walls.

Implimenting this glitch aesthetic involved a LOT of editing the colours on the base image. This would have been much simpler if all 3 of my images had similar base colours, but they didn't. For example, the highlighted parts of image 1 and 3, the face on input 1 is silver/grey, and the main graffiti in image 3 is bright red. This meant a lot of if statements had to be used to make the colours look similar. If I had more time I would spend more time getting these if statements more accurate.

The idea of glitches and mistakes meant that I could make use a lot of randomness in my designs. If everything my design was a set pixel size it looked too orderly and purposeful. I had a glitch while coding where the pixels in the highlighted area kept looping and changing every time, and to me this solidified the glitch art aesthetic. It would be cool to show a gif of this on the billboard, but I know that is not possible.

One of my favourite parts of my project is how these images harmonise and balance together. The highlighted areas on each of the images is wildly different, but when all 3 of them are seen together they look like a well balanced series. Input 2 has a very very small highlighted area, whereas 3's highlight is almost the entire image. This also meant my design is balanced enough to look good both ways.
