## Creative Coding 2: Custom Pixel

For this problem set, I am thinking of doing something based on tradition as I feel like it will have more meaning compared to something that is not. This relates back towards one of the universities main message on telling a story with heritage. So far, I have updated one of the photos, and will update the rest in the next session.

Started doing my second image, quite happy with how it is looking currently. I figured out that I wanted to mask the textures on the 'saris' so that it makes it more clear for the user. This is potentially an image I'll be using for my final as I'm quite happy on how it looks on the page. Currently in terms of ideas, I'm still not entirely sure what my overall theme is, so I'm still going to base my designs around Indian heritage until I decided of one. My next steps are to finish the masking texture on the second output, then start to think of some new ideas for the third image.

Filling mask2 to get more detail on the small things. I need to play more with the shapes in this problem set and figure out if there's more to this problem set (for example more shapes or playing around with colour schemes).

Image 2 has been completed and I'm quite happy with it. It shows a lot of textures from the two sari's (clothing) which is what I was aiming for. As mentioned before, I need to play around with the limitations that this problem set has to offer. Thumbnail has been set to the mask to show how much detail has been added.

After playing around with the grid code, I decided to use aspects of it into my second image and was amazed on how good it looks with the original code that I had. It incorporates both ellipses and rectangles in a pixel art way which looks good to look at it. The code so far uses a nested for loop which tracks both the x and y pixels on the screen, and on the side of that, it uses another for loop which adds ellipses depending on where the white space is on the mask. If I further refined image2, I could potentially use it as one of my final designs. I'm now currently working on the 3rd design, which is something to do with nature, but I'm not quite sure what message to send at this stage.

Started working on my third image. This will be more focused on the nature side. After all the events happening in America, I'm planning on basing this third image on the idea of nature and how they can't talk for themselves. This idea is very similar to the George Floyd situation, which both have this aspect. Another idea could be some sort of breathing message which is also used in both nature and the America situation. I still need to think on some ideas on how I could show this.  

I've decided that the only image that I'm not so happy with is the first image that I added. I then thought of some ideas I could portray in my photo, in which one of them was about neighbourhoods. I wanted to have a picture which would describe Tawa. It uses the numbers '232' to represent the calling area with skateboarding dogs which are hanging out by the pool watching shark and fish tail skateboards splash around in the water. This was graffiti taken outside the local Tawa skatepark. I wanted to use this picture as it represents Tawa in one graffiti. For my mask, I'm wanting to highlight the features such as the '232' number, the lightning in the glasses, the Dtown shirt, and the chicken eyeball wings as these interest the users the most.

After playing around with the masks, I've filled the bits I wanted to show such as the lighting in the sunglasses, the 232 cell phone area code, the Dtown shirt, and the eye chicken wing. My next steps are to potentially play with the colour schemes to highlight some of the important ideas in all three pictures. At this stage, I'm very happy with how my pictures have turned out.   

After watching the colour tutorials on blackboard, I've manipulated the code which changes the green to make it slightly sharper on the screen. This is to make it slightly stand out more for the user. After finishing my free images, I'm deciding whether I want to use image1 or image2, but I'm not sure which one at this stage. Both send strong messages. I could potentially play with the colour masks and see what I can do with multiple colours on the page which could be quite interesting for the user. I'm very happy with how this problem set is turning out.   

I wanted to add more texture towards the important parts of each image. For this to work, I needed to add another colour mask (grey). For the first image, I wanted to detail the 232 number, the eye chicken wing, and the lighting eyes. For the second image, I put the grey mask on the headband and for the third, I put the detail on the actual flower. I wanted these aspects to stand out a bit more for the user. These grey bits will incorporate an ellipse and two diagonal lines to give it a more mosaic theme. These three images send slightly different messages, however, they all link to a main theme of a sense of belonging. These are ideas which send the message of it being just like home, which is a strong idea for me.            

FINAL README: The focus on this problem set is to send an idea on belonging and how these images relate to a message of it being "just like home". I started off with taking some pictures at home which reflect my culture (originally going to be my main idea). I did the first two and thought that I could try and open my theme a bit more. This is where I decided to go outside and take some photos of my surroundings which were a skatepark graffiti and some flowers. I believe that these images portray my idea the best as it gives me a sense of belonging. In terms of process, I wasn't sure how detailed the masks should be, however I'm quite happy with how they turned out as all 3 masks had a lot of detail in them. The three shades I used were black, white, and grey which have been manipulated using code as well (using nested for & if statements). When masking the first image, I wanted to detail especially the 232, the lighting sunglasses, and the eyeball chicken wing as these are interesting components to look at. For the second image, I was originally going to detail out the saris but instead I did the grey mask on the headband as I thought that was something interesting to look at. For the final mask, I detailed the petals as that was the most interesting aspect on that image.  

In terms of explaining my images, the first one was taken at my local skatepark in Tawa. It shows two Californian skateboarding dogs which are hanging out by the pool watching shark and fish tail skateboards splashing around in the water (not shown as I couldn't fit in all of it). The main aspect in this image is the three numbers on one of the dogs' cap which is 232. It represents the local area code, which represents Tawa in one image which I thought was cool. One of the dogs also has a down town shirt which I thought was quite cool to show how Tawa's literally "down town". The second image is some art that's in my house, which reflects Indian culture. The art has a married couple in it (Shiva and Parvati) which shows their love for each other and the environment as shown in the trees. I thought this was quite a powerful message to show as it reflects my culture and shows a sense of belonging. The final image is a close-up of three flowers which symbolizes life and nature. This relates to an idea on how nature is also our home, and how we should take care of it as a community.

For coding, I've followed a grid system which I was planning on doing from day 1. I've used a nested for loop at the start to get the images x & y locations and return them as 'pix' and 'mask'. This draws out a rectangle which has a tileWidth and tileHeight of 10. I have created another for loop which takes 2000 pixels and does many tasks such as checking what shades the masks use and the RGB values on the actual image. I've used a range of different shapes for this problem set such as ellipses, lines, and rectangles. These lines have been used to show the detail of a certain aspect in the image which I thought looked quite nice. I'm really happy with how this problem set turned out as I believe that my theme is quite strong and personal towards me. I'm wanting to use the first image as it has quite bright colours which would attract people to have a look at it, which is something that I've been focusing on throughout this problem set.          
