## PS2 MDDN 342 2019

## Gathering round the king
I wanted to think of how I could try to tell a small narrative or give a little context to it. I came up with the idea after looking at mitchell barclay's work. He had a huge head in the center.
I decided I wanted to look into how I could explore this idea. I then came up with the idea of crowning one and making it substantially bigger than the others. With all the others surrounding I hope this conveys a small narrative.

## Process
After Designing the whole thing on photoshop i stuck a 20x20 grid on it making out where the major points were. I used this to get all the basic shape down. I did move some things after as in a smaller version things looked a little weird so needed minor adjustments such as eye placement. As I was making it I would take the image change the opacity to 50% and layer it on top of my design to make sure it was the right shape. Once I got to the ears and mouth I had to start using bezier curves. To do this I used the website https://www.desmos.com/calculator/cahqdxeshd and would use the same cords as what I was going to use for my design. I would then screenshot it and layer it over top of the top of the photoshop design again. Once I was happy with it I'd then apply it to the image.

## Variables
I wanted to think about what parts of the face were the most expressive. I was going to use a basic one for eyes, mouth and ears when I thought that they could have multiple layers applied. With the eyes not only can the top eyelid go up and down but on a separate variable they also rotate. This gives the ability to create lots of different emotions. With just the eyelids going up and down you could make happy, drowsy, angry and smug. But with the rotation it allows for sad, surprised and endearing. I also had to be careful to make sure the eye lids didn't cover up the white dots so I had to move them too. As without them or even if half were covered it looked really strange. As for the mouth I was going to make it so either the bezier curve was in the ':3' shape or just connecting up to the open mouth. When I thought if I used discrete variables I could turn the mouth off and on. This posed a little more of a challenge as now when the mouth isnt showing I had to make sure that it didn't look weird without the mouth to hide parts. I also used discrete variables for colour and blushing where the light brown colour is more likely than the other colours. The final variable was the ears. I wanted to add droopy ears but I haven't found the time to design them, calculate them and then assign them. because I wanted to make it so they only appeared if the mouth was sad and the discrete variable was selected. So as of writing this that might change it might not. 