## hello

The theme of my images is Heaven. The three images represent what Heaven is to me. One feels at home, full of love, and full of hope in Heaven.

The images are arranged in a way that is designed to appear surreal, conveying the fact that Heaven is an abstract concept and beyond thorough comprehension. The first image is arranged with happy people hugging to convey the joy of love. The second image takes street scenes and pictures of family to create a sense of familiarity and comfort. The third image communicates a sense of hope; the handshake represents an agreement or covenant, the sign represents direction and purpose, and the other images represent a sense of calmness, freedom and peace.

Within the mask, 14 lines are drawn at random points within each point, creating a sketch-like effect. Outside the mask, three ellipses are drawn in each point, with the largest at the bottom creating a grid within the image, and two smaller ones being offset at each point on top of the grid, creating a grainy film-like effect. These visual choices are intended to create a fuzzy, dream-like presentation of the images, in keeping with my theme of abstraction in the idea of Heaven. I experimented with lots of different ideas when rendering my images, most of which didn't add anything to my thematic approach. I settled on this idea after some feedback from others and played around with values in the elements until it looked how I wanted it to. I did not apply the Smart Mask as it was not necessary for what I wanted to achieve.

When creating this series of images, my main purpose was to convey a positive message that represented my beliefs and values without excluding anybody. I hoped the ideas and feelings of hope, home and love would be relatable and agreeable while still representing what I believe is the essence of the Christian concept of Heaven. The images are not intended to preach the idea of Heaven, but rather encourage one to appreciate love, hope and the feeling of home.

## bye