## Creative Coding 2: Custom Pixel

My theme is based around beauty standards in society; the pressure that people feel on how they should look due to our society standards. My series of images portrays how people feel upset and angry when they look at themself, people feel pressured to look a certain way feeling like they are trapped and surrounded by a wall or mask. The girl in these images shows these emotions and is trying to break through to reach the other side where she can be free from judgement and criticism.

I felt like it was important to highlight the girl and her emotions throughout the three photos by desaturating the background. I also incorporated three different faces: upset, meh, happy to represent her mood from the judgment and criticism that people get from others and ourselves. I used sharp pointy triangles in the background to symbolise the harsh surroundings around her, then to represent how the girl is delicate and vulnerable I used soft shapes like ellipses and arcs which shows contrast. 

I wanted to pick a theme that would make the viewer think about the images so that they could interpret it in their own way, I felt like this was an issue that a lot of people deal with before and I wanted to somehow showcase this. Overall I'm really happy with how this series has turned out. I did find it a challenge to think of a decent theme and to design some kind of symbols that I could use as my filter. I found it fun and interesting to experiment with different things like playing with the grid or pointillism, shapes, colours and mask. I used complex masks to really helped me to tell my story and I found it a great way to separate certain aspects of the image like the girl and the background.
