## Creative Coding 2: Custom Pixel

With this project the theme i went with changed slightly a few ways through, I finally settled on having my pictures be something like a warning to the things that New Zealand drinks in excess such as "Wine", "Fizzy Drinks", and "Beer".
With my design, I had pictures from a previous photography project that already touched on these themes and this project helped bring that idea across more.
With my masks I went with a direct approach to the theme and made them into the things that they are representing, A wine glass, a fizzy bottle, and a beer can. In my masks I have 3 shads of colour, "255" white, "100" grey, and "0" black, with these the white of the mask shows the most detail by being circles in a grid format that grow in size as they get closer to the ground, they show off the bulk of the shape in the mask. Next is the grey that is shown in the picture in the form of triangles in a grid pattern that surround the circles, these shrink in size as they get lower to the bottom of the image. Lastly I have my own symbol that I made that represents the symbol that is placed on banned goods, this part is randomized in the background in the section of the masks that is coloured black.
The colours in my pictures are not overly symbolic in the sense that they are mainly just there to help represent the shape, this is because most wine bottles are green, Coca-Cola's brand colour is red and beer is generally a yellowish/amber colour.
In the end I decided not to use the smartmask due to me wanting to use my own masks that I had created in photoshop and also he fact that with my images being rather abstract in nature already the smartmask program didn't pick up on much of the detail in my images.
Overall i believe that this project actually went better than my previous ones in terms of coding since I challenged myself with types of code that I had not used as often before.