For this project I wanted to use the idea of  a "custom pixel" to create specific effects such as juxtaposition of structured inorganic patterns of shapes and randomly positioned organic shapes that explored the idea of dissociation, loss of identity/ loss of self and interpersonal connections through an addiction to technology (demonstrated through the presence of cell phones in each photo). To do this I split my mask into white, black and grey sections, so I could differentiate the foreground (person) from the background as well as create a blurry, confusing area over the face to enforce the feeling of losing identity as the face is where all expression and interaction comes from. I then arranged the background and foreground into a grid formation of rectangles, differentiating them from each other through size, the background grid creates a monotonous pattern of repeating lines whilst the foreground is a tight grid of squares to build the central mass. The grey mask over the face is filled with circles that draw in random sizes and shades of gray, with a jitter adjoined to p5js' noise. I chose not to use the smart mask tool as I felt the precision that I wanted with my mask for the person, as well as the custom aspect marking out an area of the face with a third colour was not achievable through the tool. Generating my own mask in Photoshop was a much more precise option for conveying my idea. 
For my input photos I used decreased saturation and lightness to emphasize the theme and feelings of disconnection and a loss of personality. 
Overall I feel this project went fairly well with the development of coding the "custom pixel" to highlight aspects of the theme. I did struggle with making an array of colours for the blurred part over the face, but I ended up working around this by creating a random colour selection between shades of grey.